Initial pos system
Use vite with react and shadcn for the UI for the frontend and go for the backend with gin framework. use gorm for the ORM and sqlite for the database.
no need to be fancy. need very minimal UI.
Need to create a inventory with a simple pos system.
This is not for a multiple shop. This is for a single shop with a single cashier.
This is a hardware store with bike & three weel spair parts.
I need to have fallowing features.
customer management,
supplier management,
staff management,
product management and inventory management.
I need simple purchacing management as well.
for the customer name is enought. you may have other nessussary fields as optional.
same for the supplier.
for the staff management we should have a username and password firstname and last name and a role.
need a seperate role management. just a role name is enough.
for a each operation create a seperate permission. so I can assign permissions to each role seperately.
need a category management as well. just a name for a category enough. Create highrachical category.
for the products we need a description, code, category and few needed attributes. code should be unique. maintain a seperate id as well.
for the inventory side i need fallowing feature.
same product can be supply by the different suppliers in different prices. should maintain stocks for each one seperately.
in the pos system I want to have multiple sessions at the same time. it means I should be able to serve multiple customers at the same time.
when selecting a product I should be able to select from diferent stocks. it means we may have same item in different prices. I should be able to select the correct one from the prompted stock list.
I should be able to give item level discount and I should be able to give bill level discounts as well.
No need to handle actual transactions throught payment gateways. Just need to record the data. should be able to pay in cache, card or credit.
credit should be calculated for each customer with details. should be able to extract credits for each customer and should be able to settle each one fully or partialy.
Need to return a sold items. no return fee needed. just cache backs only.
need to print a bill. after each transaction sale or return.
When implementing fallow agile methodology. after each feature I need to see the demo and then only move to the next feature. for each feature I need to have full functional frontend and backend.
First finalize the database design and share the ER diagram with me.
Then implement each feature one by one.
First implement the role and permission management.
Then staff management.
Then customer management.
Then supplier management.
Then category management.
Then product management.
Then inventory management.
Then purchacing management.
Then the pos system with sales and return management.
For each feature I need to have full functional frontend and backend.
After each feature I need to see the demo and then only move to the next feature.

